[dramatic music]
♪♪
I don't know where my son is.
My name is Esther.
and I'm here with your friend.
Now. do you have
the right number for Jenny?
Yeah. I mean. I can...
I can send her
the parent contact list again.
Another nanny picked
Milo up from school.
Her name is Carrie Finch.
She works for another mom.
Jenny Kaminski.
Hold on.
So her real name isn't
even Carrie Finch?
No. I'm afraid not.
Her driver's license
is fraudulent.
Any change in Carrie's
schedule lately?
She did ask for a day off.
like. two weeks ago.
This is Colin.
He's my best friend
and business partner.
-Mar.
-Hi.
Fuck. It's work.
It's the Philips account.
and I don't have the bandwidth
to deal with it right now.
and I...
You know what? I'll. um...
I'll handle the Philips account.
-Thank you.
-So what's next?
Press conference. [sniffs]
And we could get a ransom call.
♪♪
Miss Irvine. did you contact
a publishing house
late last night?
Couldn't the current debt
of your firm
be offset by what
you might stand to gain?
Thank you all for coming.
-One question.
-What if he never...
He's my son!
I thought I had it
under control.
I called the reporter
and tried to pay him off.
you know. to kill the story.
I was wrong. I'm sorry.
I love you and Milo so much.
Sometimes I feel like
I'm gonna explode.
We found Carrie Finch's
nanny car abandoned out here.
Well. Vernon Hills is
in the middle of nowhere.
It's the kind of place where
someone has to pick you up.
Carrie Finch isn't
working alone.
Miss Garcia. you told us that
you've never spoken
to Carrie Finch.
No. She was always with Jacob.
He likes to climb.
and she didn't want him to fall.
Where would Jacob fall from?
A playground.
A lot of the nannies take
their kids there to play.
and there's
a milkshake place nearby.
The kids love it.
♪♪
Jacob has "mall shakes."
He means malted milkshakes.
I just didn't correct him
because I thought it was cute.
But Carrie would
get them for him.
-From where?
-It's from this place
by the park that the kids go to.
It's called
Mo's Malted Milkshakes.
Ana's credit card statement
for the card we gave her
to use with Milo?
Purchase at
Mo's Malted Milkshakes.
Ana and Carrie were friends.
He's my son!
♪♪
[knocking]
Remember how
we practiced hiding?
[crying]
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
Hey.
The police found Ana?
No. No.
They went around to her
apartment. and she's not there.
Her car is gone.
and they keep calling her.
and she's not answering.
I'm gonna go home.
but call me
if you need anything.
Both: Thanks.
Thanks. Jenny.
♪♪
Ana lied to us.
-Yeah.
She was at the milkshake
place every Tuesday
buying milkshakes with Carrie.
How could they have
not known each other?
-Mm.
-She lied.
Why?
I don't know.
♪♪
Where are Lia and Brian?
She's taking him
back to his place.
Took a painkiller.
so he's a little dizzy.
♪♪
[kissing]
I believed her.
Mm. I did too.
[doorbell rings]
♪♪
Hi.
Ana.
Can I come in?
Mm-hmm. Come in.
♪♪
Want to have a seat?
[text swooshes]
I saw that press conference.
I'm sorry that
people think this of you.
I know you would never do that.
You love Milo.
Mm. Yeah.
I do know Carrie Finch.
I'm so sorry I didn't say
anything before.
but I was afraid
I would get into trouble.
But I don't know where Milo is.
I swear to you.
I swear.
Mm.
Uh. what can you tell us
about Carrie?
She was nice. I thought.
So you talked?
OK. what did you...
what'd you talk about?
The families that we work for.
what they're like.
who does what.
the rules in the house.
This is what
all the nannies talk about.
Carrie told me about her family.
and I talked about mine.
OK. what did you tell her
about our family?
That you're a very happy family
and that Milo is
very loved and...
Ana...
We need to know the details.
I'm sure you talked
about more than that.
I... I said...
[sighs]
I told her that
Milo lives in a very big house
and that you both work
with people's money.
and sometimes
it's millions of dollars.
She asked about vacations too.
OK.
When you leave town
and where you go.
And she asked about the home.
if there was an alarm.
-Oh. my God.
-OK.
[clears throat] OK.
So Carrie was very interested
in our money.
I didn't know it meant anything.
She ask any other questions?
She wanted to know
what kind of food Milo likes
and his bedtime routine.
She wanted to know
more and more about him.
She... she liked to spend time
with him. get to know him.
Spend time with him how. exactly?
Like when
she's working as a nanny.
like after school or something?
One time.
it wasn't when she was working.
We met in the city once.
When was this?
What happened. Ana?
She was with someone.
I didn't think about it
at the time.
but now I think that
she wanted them to meet Milo.
♪♪
[crying] It was a man.
-Oh. my God.
-OK.
-I'm sorry.
OK. [doorbell rings]
♪♪
The police are here.
You called the police?
I'll get in trouble.
You should be grateful
that they're here.
[siren wailing]
So you and Carrie...
well. is it fair
to say you're friends?
Kind of.
Friends at work.
And you two talked
about Milo a fair bit.
Is that right?
[tense music]
Yes. sir.
So we understand that
Carrie had a man with her
at some point
when she was with Milo.
[sighs]
She um... she said
he was just there.
like a coincidence.
but now I don't think
that's true.
Can you walk us through it.
tell us everything
that happened that day?
[crowd cheering]
It was the marathon.
Peter was running.
and Marissa and Milo were
going to cheer him on.
and Marissa wanted me to come.
♪♪
Can you see Daddy?
Can you see him?
Yeah!
You can? Where?
You know what? OK.
Uh. can you. uh. wait
with him for a second?
I'm just gonna go...
I'll be back in a second.
Yeah.
You want to go on my shoulders?
-Whoo!
-Yeah?
Can you see him?
Whoo!
So about a week before.
I told Carrie we were all going
and that I would be
watching Milo.
So she said she might come too.
And she said.
maybe I'll see you there.
And I laughed. because there's
so many people. you know.
Then she texted me that morning
to ask where we were standing.
So I told her.
And she showed up?
[tense music]
♪♪
She texted me...
[notification chimes]
Saying that she was
by the food trucks.
very close. and we could
come say hi. so we did.
You want to go see Carrie?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
OK. let's go.
Can we go get a snack?
We're gonna go find Carrie. OK?
Careful.
I want a corn dog.
There she is.
Can you say hi?
-Hi.
Hey. how are ya? [laughs]
I got you a bottle.
Do you want to get a juice?
Yeah.
Can I get one
apple juice. please?
Thank you.
♪♪
We got a juice. and we...
we walked back
to the riverside. same spot.
Um. that birthday party
next week. is it on Thursday?
I haven't put it in my phone.
I think so.
I'm not sure.
Let me check.
And I realized
I forgot my phone.
You had it at the food truck.
So Carrie told me
I should go hurry and find it
before someone took it.
and she would stay with Milo
and watch his dad run by.
I left him there with her.
♪♪
My phone was still there.
It was fine.
Oh. my God.
So I went back to where
Carrie and Milo were standing.
But when I got there...
♪♪
When I got there...
[crowd cheering]
She was arguing with a man.
He left just as I came back.
I asked her who the man was.
Um. he's just a friend.
She said he was just a friend.
I gotta go.
but I'll catch you later. OK?
♪♪
I didn't ask any more questions.
Can you describe him for us?
[sighs] No. I'm sorry.
I didn't see his face.
He turned so fast.
What did you see?
Anything on him.
his... his clothes?
Jeans and a flannel shirt.
Orange. I think. or red.
He was wearing a hoodie.
I'm sorry.
I... that's all I saw.
-Mm.
Do you think this man has Milo?
[dramatic music]
♪♪
[doorbell rings]
Is this man an accomplice?
We can't say for sure.
but we'd like to ask you both
a few questions. if we may.
Yeah. of course.
Sure.
How well do you remember
the Chicago Marathon?
Uh...
It was the day that this man
allegedly met Milo.
Wait. why the marathon?
Well. one possibility is.
if you want something
to go unnoticed.
a marathon is
a loud. distracting event.
I'm sorry. what went unnoticed?
What... what happened?
Did he do something to Milo?
Did he hurt Milo?
All Ana witnessed was
a small interaction.
She never saw him
touch Milo at all.
Do either of you remember
anything unusual from that day.
any strange conversations?
No.
I spoke to some other runners.
but it was nothing unusual.
Mrs. Irvine?
No.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry. Excuse me.
♪♪
We'll continue
with our investigation
and keep you updated on any...
What is happening
with the investigation exactly?
Please.
It helps to hear it.
Two police officers were sent
to Mo's Malted Milkshakes
to speak to every employee
to see if anybody remembers
Carrie Finch
and can tell us
anything worthwhile
and are checking all available
CCTV in public areas
to see if we can get
a better image of her face.
The abandoned vehicle
that we found yesterday
has been sent
to vehicle forensics.
and the tire tracks and the mud
are being analyzed as well.
I can only imagine
how difficult this must be
for both of you.
but please know that
there's not a single thing
we won't do
to bring Milo back home.
Yeah.
[somber music]
♪♪
I don't understand.
Well. Ana's going
to come with us
on Saturday to the marathon.
and then we can all
cheer on Daddy together.
But I don't want Ana there.
[laughs] Oh. No. Hey.
What? You love Ana.
What's this about?
Milo. tell me.
Whenever Ana comes.
it means you go to work.
[crowd cheering]
[dramatic music]
Hi.
Marissa. Yeah.
Great to see you again.
I. uh... my husband's
in the race.
so I'm just...
I'm looking for him.
but I wanted
to come over and say hi
because I know that
Colin spoke to you
about what next year looks like.
But for us. we're. uh...
we're thinking like...
♪♪
Mar?
[sobbing]
OK.
♪♪
What's going on?
Hey.
OK.
Uh. I...
I had a client that I knew
was gonna be in the race.
and I wanted to talk to them
about work without Milo.
♪♪
And so that's why
I asked Ana to be there.
so I could...
So I could work.
And if I hadn't have done that.
then Milo would...
Oh.
-I'm sorry.
-Hey.
-No.
-Hey. hey.
I'm sorry. I...
Hey. hey.
Hey.
It's... it's all my fault.
That's not true.
-It's...
-Listen to me.
Please. no.
Please. just no.
Please just hate me. Hate me.
It would be so much easier
for you to hate me.
Mar. I'm not gonna hate you.
Stop being nice to me. please.
Mar. listen to me.
I'm never gonna hate you.
Hey. hey.
I love you.
That's not how this works.
Come on.
It's not how we work.
This. OK?
It's how we work.
[ominous music]
♪♪
Hey. when you went
to Bishop's Academy.
you got all of
Milo's things. right?
Yes. sir.
Did you happen to pick up
any drawings. stuff like that?
Uh. yeah. right over here.
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
What's up?
So the man is at
the marathon to meet Milo.
but we don't know why.
Get to know him?
I don't know. Make friends?
Maybe. but he bolts
when Ana comes back
with her phone.
Why?
I wouldn't want Ana
to describe me to the police.
What if he knew
Ana would recognize him
right then and there?
What. you think
this guy is someone
the Irvines know?
I think sometimes finance people
get themselves in trouble.
and the Irvines have
a lot of friends in finance.
When Carrie picked up
Milo from school.
my thought here is.
what if she interacted
with someone
or said something
as they left. right?
So if HQ is here. right.
then we could set up
three teams of volunteers
canvassing the area.
circling here. here. and here.
Mm-hmm. OK. great.
I think we should have
the biggest team
go through Seymour.
Right.
It's the most amount of houses.
and it'll take the longest.
You're right. Yeah.
OK. Yeah.
Great. OK.
And you know. everything
will be set up by 3:00.
Mm-hmm.
Hey. thank you for doing this.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean. it's...
you know. I feel like
it's the least I could do.
Colin. don't do the thing.
You had a gambling problem.
I went into business with you.
You're so grateful.
-I am grateful.
OK. well. it's dumb.
OK?
Just...
[birds chirping]
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
[sighs]
[phone ringing]
♪♪
Hello?
Colin. I sent you an email.
I didn't know
if you had time to read it?
No. no. sorry.
Uh. there's just a lot
going on right now.
It's about the Philips account.
The funds still aren't there.
and the client's
asking about it.
♪♪
The... the money's on the way.
Trust me.
OK. I'll let them know.
[line beeping]
♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
[phone ringing]
Hey. Brendan. what's up?
Are you at the office?
Yeah. but you're not
gonna like this.
They cancel the pitch?
No. no. but they've
moved it back an hour.
What?
Yeah. it's at 2:00 now.
I'm sorry.
God. I have to pick up
Jacob at 3:00.
I'll never make it back.
-OK.
Uh. OK. I... I'm happy to...
No. no. no.
I'm not missing this.
So you'll just tell him that
we'll both be there at 2:00.
OK. great. Great. great. great.
[sighs]
[line ringing]
[bell rings]
OK. that's lunch.
Remember. guys. tomorrow's
balloon rocket day.
Newton's third law in action.
[indistinct chatter]
It's a rocket. guys.
[phone ringing]
Hey. hon'.
I'm sorry.
About what?
Oh. I thought you were
calling about what's online.
Oh. God. What is it?
It's a picture you're tagged in.
You're with some friends.
a lot of birthday presents
all over the table at a bar.
I think that was.
like. two years ago.
What's the problem?
Well. there was a lot of wine.
♪♪
Oh. right.
OK. yeah.
Too drunk to notice
that my nanny's a psycho.
[chuckles] That's some of it.
What's the rest of it?
Basically that you have a nanny
so you can go out and party.
and that your job is
kind of a joke.
Look. honey.
it's total bullshit.
People online are idiots.
They got nothing better to do.
I have to focus right now.
That's why I'm calling.
The Lee Logan pitch moved
from 1:00 to 2:00.
Oh. shoot.
That's kind of...
It's annoying.
I know you have
[indistinct] tonight.
but can you cancel it
and pick Jacob up?
Yeah.
Yeah. sure.
Come on.
It's not the end of the world.
I know how long
you've been after this guy.
My God. thank you.
I gotta say.
you're the only person I know
who wants a promotion
where there isn't
any more actual money.
Yeah. but it's prestige.
Prestige. more work.
no additional compensation.
Yeah. should be
the slogan for publishing.
Thank you. Richie.
Of course.
Go get him. babe.
OK. See you tonight.
Bye.
♪♪
[phone ringing]
[foreboding music]
Hello?
Peter Irvine. I have your son.
Cute kid.
If this is a prank call.
I swear to God.
Ah. no. it's not a prank.
♪♪
Prove it. Let me speak to him.
I can't do that.
See. I'm on a grocery run
right now.
I'm getting some Froot Loops.
It's Milo's favorite.
but he says
that Mommy and Daddy
hardly ever let him have it.
♪♪
You tell anybody about this.
you never find out
what happens to your son.
He just won't ever come home.
-Um...
So I'll contact you again.
But for now. you need
to get some cash together.
[line beeps]
[line ringing]
Hey. Peter.
Hey. Amit.
What we talked about
has happened.
so I need the money now.
OK. I'll empty your accounts.
[line beeping]
[dramatic music]
♪♪
-Hey.
Hey.
We gotta leave
for the canvassing soon. right?
Yeah.
Lia's going to pick up Brian.
take him over there.
Mm.
I'm. uh...
I'm struggling with today. Mar.
with the idea
of having to see everyone
and see what happened over
and over again.
I don't. uh...
I don't know
that I can stomach that.
Yeah.
[somber music]
♪♪
Is there something else
we should be doing?
♪♪
Honey. if there was
anything else at all.
anything. I would be doing it.
This is... this is it.
This is the thing to do.
What else is there?
Um...
Do you mind if I go for a drive.
just... just to clear my head
before I see anyone.
and then I'll meet
you there later on?
Sure.
♪♪
Love you.
I love you.
[somber music]
♪♪
[knocking]
Lia?
Since when do you knock?
Since I realized
that one of these days.
I was bound
to walk in on you naked.
You ready?
Yeah.
Just let me grab my jacket.
You sure you're
up for canvassing?
Of course.
It's a lot of walking.
He's my nephew.
and today matters.
[dramatic music]
♪♪
Jenny. Brendan. follow me.
OK.
♪♪
All right. here's how
it's going to work.
You got 20 minutes.
Make your pitch.
He might have some questions.
Don't be alarmed if he doesn't.
Primarily. he's going
to want to know why
he should move publishers
after more than 20 very happy.
very lucrative years.
OK.
Just give me a minute.
American Saints.
Yeah.
That's it.
OK. I'm done.
Lee. this is Jenny Kaminski.
head of marketing at Blackhorn.
and Brendan Hill. her VP.
Blackhorn.
the independent publisher.
Mr. Logan. it's a pleasure
to finally meet you.
I'd hold judgment if I were you.
I'm notoriously hard
on publishing execs.
[chuckles]
So is today about a pitch?
Yes. it is.
I'm guessing that's
arty cover mockups. right?
I don't need to see that stuff.
I saw a bunch of that
in your report.
Oh. I didn't know
that you had...
Oh. I passed it on.
I hope that was all right.
Of course.
I just know how busy you are.
so I didn't expect that
you'd have taken a look already.
Yeah. I did.
So I get your point.
Go younger.
Here's what the ads
could look like.
Here's a sample
spend of marketing.
et cetera. et cetera.
I'll give it some consideration.
[keys clacking]
OK. Thank you.
Yeah. thank you.
Um. sorry.
Um...
I just have to ask one question.
You said a sample
spend of marketing.
What did you mean?
From your report.
I don't have a sample spend
of the marketing in my report.
Yeah. you do. You all do.
Probably some assistant put it
in there without you even...
look. don't take this
the wrong way. OK?
You're not the first
marketing team
that's tried to get me
to switch publishing houses.
You all come in here
with lofty goals.
But at the end of the day.
I can't jump ship
because of some bullshit ideas.
Somebody has to make
the actual numbers work.
I did.
I'm sorry?
What's in my report
is your actual
2024 marketing spend revamped
with our strategy.
and it's within budget.
I wouldn't stand in front
of you with hypotheticals.
Maybe I should have the courage
to throw around bullshit ideas
or have an assistant
do my work for me.
I'd have more time to sleep.
But I don't.
I do the actual work myself.
It's who I am.
Sleep's overrated.
[soft music]
Do you have children. Lee?
I don't.
♪♪
Makes sense.
Sleep's not overrated.
♪♪
This would be a big change.
but I'll consider it.
♪♪
-Thank you.
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
Why are you looking
at the Barclay case?
Because we're gonna find
our marathon man.
♪♪
Hey. Yuko. do you remember
the Barclay case?
You used social media to find
a picture of the guy that was...
Yeah. I remember.
How would you go about
doing that on a larger scale?
How large?
The Chicago Marathon.
The Chicago Marathon's
a million people.
maybe a million and a half.
We got clear images
of who we're looking for?
Yeah.
It's the Irvine case.
Mom. Dad. and Milo were there.
plus the nanny.
Dad was in the race.
But what I'm after is an image
of the man who was around them.
I need a time
and location to even start.
Riverside. near Adams.
Nanny estimates
between 11:00 and noon.
That's still a big window.
You said the dad was
in the race?
Yeah. Why?
This site logs
all the runners' times...
when they start.
when they finish.
when they hit the checkpoints.
This him?
Yeah.
Number 578921P.
What does that get us?
Runner 578921P went through
the Adams checkpoint
at exactly 11:33.
Does that help?
[tense music]
♪♪
I didn't know
if you'd want to see me.
Must bring up awful memories.
You were so kind to me.
I really did think it was
just a misunderstanding.
[chuckling] So did I.
[somber music]
♪♪
Now. there's lots of food.
coffee too.
People are gonna be
nourished and energized.
You're the... you're
the business that donated?
[laughs]
Oh. thanks.
♪♪
All right.
Hey. the snack table can
go up right there.
Thank you guys.
No problem.
Thank you.
This is so nice of you
to organize.
Oh. it's not a big deal.
Oh. it is.
How do you know the family?
I... I work with Marissa.
Oh.
I'm so sorry about
the press conference.
God. all those questions
about your company.
It doesn't matter.
It does.
And you know. I'm sure
that it's not even true.
You know. uh.
all that matters is
that we're here for Milo.
Of course.
You know. why don't you
grab a button?
OK.
And then we're
going to get started
in a few minutes.
Thanks.
Has anybody seen the clipboards?
[turn signal clicking]
Hi.
Hey.
I had to race home and change.
It's about to start?
Yeah. we're just getting
food and everything set up.
This is Esther.
-Hey.
-Hello.
Uh. sorry.
I just realized
you two have spoken before.
Uh. Esther called you
on the day... I was at her home.
[soft music]
Well. it's nice
to meet you officially.
And you.
♪♪
Shall I take this?
Hey.
Thanks. buddy.
I was not expecting that.
You recognized me earlier.
didn't you?
It's OK.
I know my face is out there now.
It's trash gossip from bored
people who have no lives.
I wish it were true. [laughs]
The only reason I needed a nanny
was to go out and party.
That'd be a lot easier
than the actual truth...
which is I don't know
how I'm supposed to function
without someone to help me.
but the thought
of hiring another nanny
right now. how am I...
how am I supposed
to do that. you know?
[tense music]
So after you tag
anything like marathon.
running. Chicago.
stuff like that.
and you filter those images
by location. you get this.
Each of these is
a picture taken that day.
And then you run
a facial recognition software
for both Milo and Carrie.
And this is what you get.
♪♪
Sorry.
Can you print that up for me?
♪♪
[whirring]
[dramatic music]
♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
Hi. everyone.
Uh. thank you so much
for being here today.
Thank you for showing your
support to Marissa and Peter
and the whole Irvine family.
Our goal for the next
few hours is to cover
every street. every house.
and every business
in the surrounding area.
Everyone gets shown a picture.
Everyone gets asked
what they've seen.
Any information you receive.
immediately call the hotline.
The police are aware
of what we're doing.
and they're ready
to hear from us.
When you come up to the table.
you're going to be
assigned a team leader.
They're going to point you
in the right direction
so nothing gets missed.
Somebody has seen something.
and it our job today
to find out what.
[crowd murmuring in agreement]
Let's bring Milo home.
Yes!
[cheers and applause]
[indistinct chatter]
♪♪
[notification chimes]
[phone ringing]
♪♪
[horns honking]
[dramatic music]
♪♪
-Hey.
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
That was the last house.
No one knows anything.
There's lots of people
canvassing.
OK? It's not just us.
So?
So someone will have
seen something.
What if they haven't?
This isn't what happens to us.
We're gonna bring Milo home.
And fine. OK. it's not gonna be
something we joke about one day.
but it will be
something we forget.
It's just gonna be
this thing that happened.
But it'll be over.
And then I'll take Milo
to the zoo again.
And you really
didn't need to walk
to all these houses with me.
I know it hurts.
I walked to all
these houses with you
because sometimes
I want to be actual help.
not just symbolic.
Yeah.
Well. you seem to be
doing pretty great.
I am.
I was prepared
to hear you bitch all day.
Well. lucky you.
But I'll be smart
and get an Uber. head home.
All right.
Go.
OK.
Oh. my God.
you're moving so slowly.
Are you sure you're OK?
I'm sure I'm OK.
-OK.
-Go.
All right. I love you.
I love you.
[somber music]
♪♪
[sighs]
-Anything?
-No.
Thanks.
We appreciate it.
Glad to help out.
[sighs]
♪♪
Hey. Col.
Lia.
Hey.
You did good.
Thanks.
You know. um.
no one saw anything.
No one knows anything.
-Nothing?
-Nothing.
Not one sighting
of Milo or Carrie.
Not one piece
of new information.
I mean. there were
so many of us.
and we covered so much ground.
I don't know.
Maybe it was stupid.
but I just thought...
I don't know.
How could no one
have seen anything?
And does Marissa know?
I thought people would be mean
after the press conference.
I thought they would say
that it was staged.
I was prepared to hear that.
Anyone who would believe
something that sick
needs to be online to say it.
Most people know
that's not the truth.
and they just want to help.
They don't want to be near me.
I can see that.
They... they feel bad for me.
but they don't want
to talk to me.
They want to get away.
and I think that's because...
I think they think
that he's gone.
I don't think that.
Thank you.
I really don't.
I swear to you.
even my deepest.
darkest thoughts.
they're not that.
Hey.
I'm so sorry.
Where have you been?
I'm sorry.
-I'm gonna leave you two.
-OK.
Thanks for today.
-Yeah. no problem.
Where were you?
You were supposed to be with me.
and we were gonna
do that together.
I know. I...
I just. I drove.
Well. then what? What happened?
Why...
-And I...
I just pulled over.
and I... I started crying.
and I couldn't stop.
and I. um...
I thought I had to get it
together before I came back.
and I couldn't. and I... I just...
I couldn't.
-It's OK.
-I'm sorry.
[tense music]
It's OK.
I understand.
♪♪
Nobody knows anything.
Everyone was questioned.
and nobody saw anything.
It's been three days.
There's no ransom.
which means...
if no one wants money.
then they aren't planning
on returning him.
which means he's...
which means he's not close by.
♪♪
Oh. Milo could be anywhere
in the world right now.
♪♪
[phone ringing]
Hi. Alex.
Well. congratulations. Jenny.
Lee Logan is coming
to Blackhorn.
[laughs]
What?
You made the numbers work.
He liked that.
But there's more.
He wants you to take on
his back catalog.
Well. we were only
pitching his next title.
His back catalog...
Is massive. I know. I know.
Listen. Lee is pretty much
his own floating economy.
and now that's coming your way.
You and your husband go
pop some champagne.
[uplifting music]
Thank you. Thank you.
You're welcome. Take it easy.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
♪♪
Honey. I would have done
the same thing.
Then why do I feel like shit?
Well. because that's
the way it is with Sam.
We feel like shit sometimes.
It doesn't mean
we're actually shit.
All he wanted was
for me to get a rock
out of his shoe for him.
But he... he couldn't tell me.
I mean. he can't
communicate with us. Case.
I mean. all we can do
every day is guess.
You're a great mom.
He loves you to pieces.
Look. he's already forgotten.
I can hear him
in the background.
He's laughing.
Thank you. honey.
[muffled laughter]
I. uh... I'll come home
as soon as I can. OK?
Love you.
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
[siren wailing]
Can you bring
that picture up again?
[tense music]
♪♪
Look at that.
I was thinking it was
just a reflection. right?
Probably. It was a sunny day.
Sun catches a window just right.
Yeah. but it's not a window.
It's a rooftop.
Why is someone on a rooftop
during a marathon?
A tiny. single point
of reflective glass.
It's a camera.
Elevated angle.
Geotags would have been
much further out.
That's why it didn't come up.
♪♪
Hi.
How are ya?
Done.
Just done.
Oh. no. What happened?
Oh. just a fight on everything.
Dinner. bath. pajamas. books.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean for the evening
to be so unpleasant.
Pitch go OK?
[soft music]
We got him.
We got Lee Logan.
Great.
Prestige. right?
Right.
Mm.
Cool.
Listen. I'm gonna
tune out for a bit.
♪♪
Great work. though. hon.
[door closes]
I'm gonna get changed.
[somber music]
♪♪
[cork pops]
Stop. What's that building?
It's a hotel.
The Magnolia.
Is that helpful?
Easy to find the tags. at least.
People on the internet love to
tell you where they're staying.
♪♪
[line ringing]
Hi. Colin.
Hey.
Sorry. it took me a sec.
I had to think
something through.
There's... there's
a trust I manage.
Let's use the funds
from there to replenish
the Philips account.
Sure.
Whose trust is it?
Lia Irvine.
[tense music]
♪♪
[dramatic music]
To anyone who may have seen
or heard something.
every bit of information
is crucial
as the hunt
for Milo Irvine continues.
I got one.
It's on a photography forum.
♪♪
Who are you?
Local authorities have
reiterated the importance
of coordinated efforts
and praised volunteers
for their dedication
and cooperation.
But the community
remains hopeful
that Milo will be reunited
with his parents
in time for his sixth birthday.
If you have any information that
may assist in locating Milo.
please contact
local authorities.
[dramatic music]
♪♪